they're introducing improvements and
jitka boots Quezada and my name is her
fighting Sookie and here to show you
when Java code but lots of requests yep
why don't you choke the janitor and Here
I am today to show you how to make
Punjabi - to begin with I've got this
chick peas we call it totally in India
the white toilet and internationally
people know this as Japan juice so
chickpeas or their banjos here soak
overnight preferably overnight which
means before sleeping just soak this in
water go to sleep so what I'm going to
do this in India we all prefer to cook
to lay in a pressure cooker so throw a
little bit the water into the treasure
I like these bright metal things I
personally had to do three of them and
some of these right who's ready
the Amla into the Tolen teabags and salt
as per taste now like this
and cook cook until this is absolutely
soft now the test is you know that it
should get pressed easily in between two
fingers is it or you should hit it
against someone and this please should
get stuck so that's when you know your
toll ours are absolutely
Oh so this one is nice and soft cook
well then you see this black color that
you've got it's because of the tea
leaves it's also a little dark because
of the try mango fellatio the dry mango
seems that he had added it's because of
that and the gooseberries of course
these all add the nice tart thing that
you get here take a pan now put this pan
on fire pour some oil by the what it
gets for what should we do of course
some onion here let's cut this onion
into cubes
I saw these people independent they make
this beautiful
now they don't slice onions in Delhi I
find me chefs who do this anywhere they
would slice the other what the ghouls
raw kind of grind this up putting it in
a blender to this add green chillies
[Music]
drawn bow tie piece to this pomegranate
seeds so one teaspoon of ripe
pomegranate seeds into this mixture not
grind to a fine paste it's really close
here the oil spot to this cinnamon stick
one inch pieces two numbers green
cardamom photo five of them Klaus Porou
five of them one is nice and hot the
onion mixture
I'm here mr. James will be auto ended
beautiful spices yeah now onions are
kind of done here one tablespoon of
garlic paste 1 tablespoon of ginger
place for some more time
you know the judgment would be with the
time you see the role evils of ginger
garlic no more now how do you judge raw
flavors of ginger and garlic generally
didn't valid have any sharp bluish very
sharp so when you add to auto I owe
myself like this what happens kind of
moving out and what do you see that for
some time three four minutes of stir
frying oil
there's the flavors of the onions to
this mixture I've got red tomato puree
so this is unit from fresh tomatoes four
five Tomatoes drum or fine paste in goes
it tomorrow fury here I'll cook again
tended all flavors of chemicals are
absolutely God now in case you get
canned tomatoes which are plants and can
you don't need to cook for a long time
because they're normally cook didn't get
any food that we do we keep cooking to a
particular texture flavor actually till
it achieves that texture flavor you and
that's something which comes with
experience IV so you cook this for
nearly three to four minutes cover it up
keeps kitchen target so let this get go
for some time the chickpeas here I
bought the cheap food water what happens
is when you bring the chickpeas do not
throw this water this will attack the
body off the cream and it's nice and
wrong I've got some ginger here let me
cut this into fine tune it ten slices
these come only when you have a sharp
knife cut it into two games
keep this society fine comes an empath
experience so when you cut please be
careful even if the night this shop
might cut your finger some green
chillies here slip them off remove the
seeds put three of them not much all the
hotness in the beach peace out let me
check the mixture Wow now I see the
point separated from the tomato paste
that's when you know that it matters are
for to this mixture where I am going to
do this add all the dry spices the
spirit chili powder 1tsp to like it hot
and spicy and more I've got some holy
Mossad now this is some ready-made truly
masala which
in the market please buy it and use a
tablespoon of this make it anymore one
and a half tablespoon and this is
roasted jeera powder one teaspoon of
roasted jeera how do we do this
salt to taste keep stirring now give a
stir here
after adding the spices cook it for some
time because you need the spices to get
for an Indian cooking actually what's
important is after you add each
ingredient you need to cook it for some
time each ingredient has been extracted
you need to extract the flavors from
each ingredient and particular texture
before you add the next but if you want
everything together then I think it's
not the kind of cooking video that's
when you are enough for it so if you
want to quit me probably you do that but
if you want to make it with love then
you need to put each ingredient and do
it the way I am doing here okay once the
oil is separated next engraving should
wood so what is the next ingredient I've
got my Taniya
pull us into this and the water this is
what a lot of water will not add all of
this mix it nicely give it a stir let me
just taste this salt your foot now let's
cover this and let it cook for around
eight to ten minutes by then what's more
happen is the tool as you know the
techniques they've got to get home
some of them we get masked and add the
that's the beauty of a good tool so let
it go let the sum of the two lines get
backs and you get a clear picture of the
day so we'll win for eight to ten
minutes for this to get go now after
about 10 to 15 minutes what you need to
do is check this some of these two lads
as you see are poor and some of them are
master so this gives a nice thick
texture to the cleaning and I love touch
texture
finally order is another we invert this
Torian company first ill-fated I only
add ghee clarified butter so who in sake
everybody tells me that
totally off quality whether there's any
above it they love to leave that and
that's because they make it when you
keep I like this to temperate finally so
that at least and move on me and I don't
cook completely ready
finally even temperate regime and you
serve it immediately here's the key to
this I add when hold it they kind of
create drop cats so this is an antique
to that so you need to add a to end to
any kind of chickpeas that you weigh so
he mice and hot here the julienne ginger
and chilies
[Music]
remove this and just throw this into
this mixer
beautiful play this is my personal
favorite and if you do it like this
I bet the taste kind of caboose ah and
that's what I try and teach everybody
how to cook better and better each day
now
Sola is ready you could serve it with
the titties that you make you know the
parameter keys
serve it with that or serve it to us but
just need to take this do it the way I
am doing you will never be some good
cooking